At runtime -> at run time (#18740)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/design-guidelines/extension-methods.md

ms.technology: dotnet-standard
ms.assetid: 5de945cb-88f4-49d7-b0e6-f098300cf357
---
# Extension methods

Extension methods are a language feature that allows static methods to be called using instance-method call syntax. These methods must take at least one parameter, which represents the instance the method is to operate on.

 The class that defines an extension method is referred to as the "sponsor" class, and it must be declared as `static`. To use extension methods, you must import the namespace that defines the sponsor class.

>  ❌ AVOID frivolously defining extension methods, especially on types you don't own.

Reviewer: I would avoid "frivolously"

```suggestion
 ❌ AVOID overuse of extension methods, especially on types you don't own.
```
